index.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
list_title: Recent Articles
---
![alt text]({{ site.logo }} "Long Meadow")

# Software Development and Data Management Expertise

The Data your company holds helps lubricate your business - no matter what business you are in. Collecting, storing, analysing and retaining data, whether it is large or small is the business we are in.

We pride ourselves on our balance of technical knowledge, business analysis and data protection expertise. If you have a small or large system or software project we can help. And if the data is personal data, rest assured that we will advise you on a solution which considers your requirements under GDPR.

See [Software Development and Data Management](../softwareDevelopment/) page for more details on how we build and maintain IT systems that fit your business.

# Data Protection

We're here to help you address the requirements under the Data Protection Legislation, GDPR in particular. We are in the business of processes and technology and we are offering you clear and independent advice in keeping your business GDPR compliant.

See [Data Protection Services](../dataprotection/) page for more details on how we can address your data protection needs.

See our [privacy statement](../privacy).

Commit message:

Focus towards Analytics and ML

index.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
list_title: Recent Articles
---
![alt text]({{ site.logo }} "Long Meadow")

# Data Analytics and Data Mangement

The data in your company is crucial to your business - no matter what business you are in. Collecting, storing, analysing and retaining data, whether it is large or small is the business we are in.

We pride ourselves on our balance of technical knowledge, data analytics and data protection expertise. We have experince and knowledge of a range of Machine Learning and Artifical Itelligence tools and techniques which can find answers in your data. And if the data is personal data, rest assured that we will advise you on a solution which considers your requirements under GDPR.

See [Data Analytics and Data Mangement](../analytics/) page for more details on how we build and maintain IT systems that fit your business.

# Data Protection

We're here to help you address the requirements under the Data Protection Legislation, GDPR in particular. We are in the business of processes and technology and we are offering you clear and independent advice in keeping your business GDPR compliant.

See [Data Protection Services](../dataprotection/) page for more details on how we can address your data protection needs.

See our [privacy statement](../privacy).
